VETRIVEL S


      +91 6381048687

      vetrivelsubramaniam@gmail.com


      Namakkal -637208.



      https://www.linkedin.com/in/vetrivelsubramaniam111

      https://github.com/vetrivelsubramaniam111/WAKE-UP-ALARM-FOR-HEARING-IMPACT-PERSONS-


CAREER OBJECTIVE:
             As a recent EEE graduate, I have a strong foundation in the field of Electrical and Electronics
Engineering. I have gained hands-on experience through internships and projects, developing my
technical skills in areas such as circuit design, power systems, and programming languages like
MATLAB , MiPower Software Simulation and C. My biggest achievement is being part of a team that
designed an energy-efficient lighting system for a community center, reducing their electricity
consumption by 30%. My attention to detail, problem-solving abilities, and strong analytical skills have
been essential in successfully completing projects on time. Additionally, my ability to work well in a
team and effectively communicate complex ideas makes me a valuable asset to any organization. I am
eager to apply my knowledge and skills to contribute to the growth of the company while continuously
learning and enhancing my abilities.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
  •   Undergraduate :
      M.Kumarasamy College Of Engineering,
      Batcher of Electrical and Electronics Engineering Pursuing (2023-2027),
      CGPA - 6.

  •   Higher Secondary Certificate :
      Vivekananda High Secondary School , State board .
      Grad2023 / Cum.per : ( 72.6% )

  •   Secondary School Certificate:
      Vivekananda Matric High Secondary School , State board .
      Grad2021.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

 Python,Java(Basics)
 C,Data Structure & Data Base Management System(Basics)
 MATLAB(Basics)DFG2 
0.

SOFT SKILLS:
 Team work.
 Time Management
 Communtion.
AREA OF INTEREST:
 Electronics Devices and Circuit.
 Power System Analysis.

CERTIFICATIONS:
 Workshop.
INTERNSHIP :
 TNPL, Kagithapuram\ Learnt about power control system & paper making for
  chemical ration .
 Popular system, Coimbatore\ Worked with the packing and maintenance departments to
  understand .

PROJECTS:
    I have done my three Software project and three Hardware project in college they
are :


Software project :

   •   Title : Student Attendance System
Description : This is project mainly take attendance for entering class room.
Platforms used : Code Tantra .

   •   Title:Students Feedback System
Description : This is project mainly for students sharing their own feedback.
Platforms used: Code Tantra .

   •   Title : Anime Recommendations System
Description : This is project mainly for recommendations to learn more detailed information
about anime .
Team size : 3 Platforms used : HTML
Role : Code checking .


Hardware project :
   •   Title : Aunty sleeping alarm system for driver.
   Description : This is project mainly for driver avoiding the accident aunty sleeping at
   driving time.
   Team size : 5
   Platforms used : Arduino code.
   Role : Project circuit design.

   •   Title : DC Voltage Doubler Circuit Using 555 Timer IC .
   Description : This is project mainly for without using Transformer and using
   Capacitor double the voltage.
   Team size : 3
   Platforms used : Elonics.org
   Role : Project circuit connection.

   •   Title : Alarm for disabled people using vibration service and LED light.
   Description : This is project mainly for week up disabled persons.
   Team size : 3
   Platforms used : Arduino code.
   Role : Project circuit connection.


PERSONAL DETAILS:
Linguistic Skills:
                To speak: Tamil, English.
                To read: Tamil, English.
                To write: Tamil, English.




                                                                            Signature
